[Music]
hey everybody welcome to another episode
of impact theory today i'm going to be
going through the topic of anxiety now
much to my dismay this is a topic that i
know a lot about i am very intimate with
anxiety as a lifestyle uh there was a
point in my life where i was completely
debilitated by anxiety that that is not
an exaggeration and today we're going to
be going through some of the issues that
i know that you guys are struggling with
and by the end i hope that i can show
you how you can get a handle on that and
reverse that trend so that you can
really move yourself out of that
conquer anxiety and feel super human and
that's how i used to talk to myself was
when i'm not anxious i feel like a
superhuman but when i get
anxiety i
actually feel the region of my brain
shutting down
and the more i researched anxiety the
more i realized that is literally what
is happening there is an area of your
brain called the prefrontal cortex which
is responsible for your higher level
cognition your decision making future
planning
all of that good stuff and it literally
goes offline because blood is leaving
that region of the brain and going to
the centers of your brain that handle
fight or flight so it is a diabolical
syndrome in my opinion because it can
take you from
really feeling confident
grounded
and you have abilities that actually
deteriorate and disappear when anxiety
kicks in and so putting in the work to
get a hold of your anxiety is one of the
most fruitful endeavors you will ever
embark upon so all i can tell you is
that there was literally a time in my
life where in a living room full of like
five of my immediate family
i was so anxious i couldn't tell a story
that my wife was asking me to tell i
literally couldn't do it i was like out
of breath it was so crazy like to think
back to
that time in my life is really bizarre
and
it felt hopeless and so i'm here to tell
you that there is hope and as i often
say there's a process for that so what
we're going to be walking through today
in answering some of the concerns that
people have sent in is what is that
process and how do we get a grip on our
anxiety all right let's go by the end of
this you guys are going to be
powerhouses or at least you're going to
have the process by which to become a
powerhouse all right number one everyday
tasks can be overwhelming and the
anxiety of not completing tasks or the
anxiety of feeling like a failure
because you are going at a different
pace compared to others how do you
control the mind once it's in the
anxiety state and return back to the
calm more positive and motivating state
thank you okay so first of all
comparison is the thief of joy so be
careful just outright comparing yourself
to other people and in fact
understanding what anxiety is at like
its most
foundational level i think is going to
be really helpful
anxiety is simply it is literally
nothing more than this it is simply you
living in a future state
worrying about something that has not
actually happened
and what you're doing is what i call
rehearsing failure
so you're looking at somebody else
you're seeing how amazing they are
you're imagining your future and you're
saying you know i'm never going to live
up to what they've done i'm never going
to accomplish that level now you can
imagine that's very different than
saying oh look at what they've done
that's so incredible i'm super inspired
and i'm going to get that good i may not
be that good yet but i'm going to get
that good now one of those rehearsals
creates anxiety that i'm never going to
be that good
the other one reduces anxiety and it
actually puts you in an action-oriented
state now action cures all that's one of
my
like just dead reckoning things that i
say to myself all the time action cures
all so when you look at somebody that's
killing it in a way that you want to
kill it step number one is to just
recognize that you can get good you can
get better that that is just the nature
of the human animal
you don't need to believe you're special
you just have to recognize the truth of
the human condition so anything you put
energy and effort into getting better at
you will actually get better at anything
that you rehearse
over and over and over anything you
repeat is going to become real mentally
so if you look at someone else and say
i'm never going to be that i'm never
going to be that good i'm a loser i'm a
failure whatever that's the thing that
you repeat you're catastrophizing okay
to use the language of cognitive
behavioral therapy but you're not if
you're not familiar with that that is
the number one defense against anxiety
read the book feeling great
absolutely phenomenal book about how you
stop the cognitive distortions as
they're known and get into a state where
you are in that calm state that you're
looking for okay so you interrupt that
cognitive distortion of catastrophizing
your future and you break the very link
that allows anxiety to take hold because
what's happening ultimately is your
brain
is calorically ravenous okay your brain
weighs about three pounds and takes up
like 20 or 25 percent of the energy
usage of the entire body okay that's
freakish unto itself
now because it's so calorically ravenous
it is also extremely conservative in
terms of if you do something a lot it
wants to make sure that it makes that
easier and so what it does there's this
phrase neurons that fire together wire
together so what's happening is you're
rehearsing failure you're rehearsing
catastrophe your brain goes oh okay cool
this anxiety feeling that we have this
thought about ooh the future is this
really dangerous thing i need to
hardwire that i need to make it easier
to think these thoughts
about the danger coming in the future i
need to make it easier neurochemically
like literally it is easier for the
electrical chemical signals to traverse
between the synapses
because it's wrapping it in what's
called a process of myelination so it's
wrapping this fatty tissue between those
connection points okay that's the wire
together part of neurons that fire
together wire together so now you have
this myelination and the brain's like ah
i'm so much more efficient at thinking
and feeling
this rehearsal of failure
and so what starts as a somewhat minor
concern about not being as cool as the
next person not accomplishing as much as
they do not being as smart or as
talented whatever
and it becomes
this
full-blown i mean this can really go
into like full-blown panic attack
syndrome
because you're repeating it
the more you feel it
the higher the anxiety so it's a
positive feedback loop so i feel anxious
about this which makes me more anxious
about this which makes me think about it
and worry about it more and so now my
brain is wiring it and the amplitude is
going up and so when you get into a
positive feedback loop like that that's
destructive now you're in a really
dangerous place so step number one
don't compare yourself in
to others in a way other than i could
become that with enough time and energy
and effort put into it
and then number two recognize that when
you have a cognitive distortion like
catastrophizing i'll never be that good
right you don't have evidence to support
that and even if you do
it does not serve you to spend time
catastrophizing so you are way better
off just from a neurochemical standpoint
you are way better off doing what's
called a pattern interrupt
stopping yourself from thinking that and
instead of saying so the nice simple
pattern interrupt here i'm never going
to be that good wait
pattern interrupt i'm not that good yet
but i can get that good okay and that
becomes the way that you break that
cycle and the only way to undo that
anxiety is to let it atrophy
now the fastest way to make something
atrophy is to
focus on something else so now the thing
that we're going to replace that
catastrophizing with that's hardwiring
into our brain is we're going to replace
it with the way the human animal works i
can get good at anything right so if
it's what i call the only belief that
matters if i put time and attention into
getting better at this thing i will
actually get better that is the nature
of the human animal and so i would just
repeat that i can get good at anything i
can get good at anything and so that
becomes my pattern interrupt that
becomes the thing now that i'm
reinforcing in my mind that becomes the
thought that hardwires that becomes the
feeling that hardwires and now all of a
sudden when i encounter somebody that's
doing something better than me that's
outpacing me whatever the case that's
raising my anxiety levels and i want to
get back to that calm state i'm going to
pattern interrupt that and i'm going to
repeat now something that empowers me
and makes me feel better and by doing
that now i'm reinforcing something that
makes me feel good that makes me feel
expansive
versus contracting so it makes me feel
like i can tackle the challenge and
that's what i'm going to hardwire
that was a game changer for me so i
highly encourage you guys to put
massive amounts of time and energy every
single day
to
hardwiring that expansive thought and
letting the contracting thoughts the
anxiety-provoking thoughts
diminish over time just by atrophying
because you don't allow yourself to
think about them
all right next how do you deal with the
physical effects of anxiety like
adrenaline i am so glad you asked
so
this is where meditation comes in if you
guys have been listening to me for a
while you've probably heard me say that
meditation saved my life and
while i was never
clinically depressed i will say that the
anxiety was getting so bad that if i
were to carry that out another year or
two years i could see it really being
very problematic and the most
distressing period of my life came about
i don't know a year or two after i
started meditating so i just cannot
stress enough how powerful
it is to recognize what i call
physiological hooks
so there are physiological hooks into
the brain into your neurochemistry into
adrenaline pumping cortisol pumping so
that you can change your neurochemistry
and i'm obsessed with this idea
you can change your neural chemistry
consciously now how do i know that's
true and if you don't believe me
what do you think the odds are that i
can prove it to you in a single sentence
where you will believe at the end of
that sentence that tom is right i can
consciously control my neurochemistry go
ahead lock in your answer now here it is
for anybody that doesn't believe that
you can consciously control your
neurochemistry i'm going to give you two
sentences
option number one this is the most
immediately profound
put on that song that makes you feel
hyphy
you can't help it the second you put
that song on your neurochemistry is
gonna change
number two studies have shown that even
if you fake a smile that smile merely
holding your face
in the position of a smile will change
your neurochemistry now this one i
deployed very early in my life it's one
of the most profound things i've used in
my marriage which is when you get really
pissed off you're angry about something
you're anxious whatever
if you force yourself to laugh out loud
you will feel utterly ridiculous
but if you force yourself to laugh out
loud you will feel the neurochemistry
change now anxiety is tough and if
you've spent all the time hardwiring it
when you're laughing you will feel an
alleviation of the symptoms and then as
you stop you're going to feel them start
creeping back
but i want you guys to get used to
doing things like that so that you
realize you can
control
at will your neurochemistry now once you
believe that it can be done now we can
get into
doing things that have really um they
stack that the more you do it the more
control you get the better you get at
dealing with anxiety over time and the
most profound thing i have not found
anything that is as phenomenal
with dealing with anxiety than
meditation now the physiological hook is
that you're breathing from your
diaphragm it really is that stupid
simple like a faking a smile can change
your neurochemistry breathing from your
diaphragm is profound and i remember the
first time i consciously took a
diaphragmatic breath it was
a game changer it literally in that
moment i was like what is happening
so the reason meditation works is
you're having a biological experience
meditation is a physiological hook to
consciously take control of your biology
so you're going to sit in a comfortable
space
you're going to breathe from your belly
okay that's what we mean when we say a
diaphragm breath so you're going to
breathe way down low like you're trying
to make yourself look fat okay you're
gonna breathe low in the belly when you
first start doing it it feels really
unnatural but it feels really good
and so you just breathe from your
diaphragm breathe low from your belly
okay
what i just did is a really high breath
that that in fact not only will it not
lower your anxiety if you're breathing
really shallow up high that's a
physiological hook to trigger anxiety
because what's happening is
that is associated with the
fight-or-flight mode okay so if you do
the physiological thing that's related
to what's called the sympathetic nervous
system fight-or-flight
then you're going to feel that
if you do the things related to the
parasympathetic nervous system rest and
digest then you're going to feel that
and they exist on a seesaw you cannot be
both calm and anxious at the same time
you either anxious or you are calm
there's not going to be the two at the
same time ever so it's a negative
feedback loop so as you sit down and
meditate and you breathe
diaphragmatically
for whatever reason
evolution has given us that
physiological hook that will work
whether you wanted to or not
you breathe from your belly you will
feel your anxiety lower and if you're
not feeling it this is one of those
where you need to practice learning how
to breathe effectively from your belly
because it's not a maybe it works it is
it will work every time and what i've
learned in my life is i'm never more
than 45 minutes away from total
equanimity now what do i mean by that
there are times where when i sit down to
meditate it only takes me two minutes
five minutes to slip into just totally
calm and peaceful no background
radiation so no adrenaline no
cortisol no sense of stress no sense of
anxiety no impending doom none of that i
just immediately slip into feeling good
but there have been times in my life
where the stress levels are so high
and the there is so much on the line
there have been times in my life where
i'm dealing in hundreds of millions of
dollars and
at those moments as you can imagine
anxiety is through the roof
and
what i learned is even in those times
where it's like crazy stressful and my
biology is going nuts my adrenaline is
pumping the blood has left my prefrontal
cortex
it's all doom and gloom all i can see is
a future where everything is bad i'm
catastrophizing the life out of
everything
if i sit down
and diaphragmatically breathe
coming back to the breath meaning i
don't allow myself to just you know let
my
mind wander to the things that i'm
worried about every time i catch myself
i come back to the breath
breathing from my belly
now when i'm really stressed it takes a
long time
but by 45 minutes no matter how much
stress has ever been present in my life
i have never needed more than 45 minutes
of diaphragmatic breathing to get back
to total
calm
no sense of stress or anxiety now
there have been times where it will take
me 45 minutes to get back to that and
two two hours later i'm back to stressed
out and during those periods i made sure
that i had time two or three times a day
to meditate
now as i mentioned at the beginning of
this meditation stacks
so the more you do it the better you get
at it the less time it takes
the more your brain actually begins to
change there are regions of the brain
that actually
grow larger more dense in response to
meditation in fact you can scan
somebody's brain and if they are a
lifetime meditator you can actually tell
the difference just by the structures of
their brain if they're a long-time
meditator or a non-meditator that's
pretty extraordinary when you think that
what meditation is doing is allowing you
to get control of that biology to move
yourself from the sympathetic fight or
flight to the parasympathetic rest and
digest where you feel nice and calm
so there are many physiological hooks
but that is the prime one so
if you don't know how to meditate
go look up mark divine box breathing
it's a very simple method of meditation
it's where i started
and it was a game changer for me so yeah
don't sleep on meditation man next what
are some ways to snap out of social
related anxiety i.e going to the gym bar
etc okay so again what is anxiety
anxiety is you are catastrophizing about
the future so i'm guessing if you're
worried about going to the gym you're
thinking oh my god they're going to
judge me they're going to think i'm a
loser i'm fat i'm weak i'm skinny i'm
whatever your concern is you've got to
pattern interrupt that you've got to
stop it you've got to focus on not what
other people think about you you've got
to focus on what your goal is and if
your goal demands you go to a gym if you
want to be more social and your goal
demands you go out and meet people then
that's what we're going to do so we're
going to do whatever we have to in order
to
get beyond that
sense of like this is a terrible thing
so now this is where we put our
meditation in this is where we stop our
catastrophizing we do the pattern
interrupt we start thinking about oh man
this is going to be great i'm not good
at social stuff yet
but i'm going to get good
tom told me action cures all so i know i
need to go do this thing there's nothing
to panic about because the only thing
that you're quote-unquote panicking
about is some future thing that's going
to happen but what's really going to
happen let's say everybody judges you
they they think that you are a loser
they think that you are fat they think
that you are skinny they think that you
are dumb whatever now
did you die
or do you survive that and more
importantly do you get a little bit
better a little stronger a little more
resilient it's really easy to think
about when you think about going to the
gym if everyone there thinks that you
are fat or skinny or whatever
but you show up to the gym every day and
you put in the work they cannot stop you
from getting the result that you want
so they can throw all the shade they
want which by the way they're not nobody
gives a about
anybody else to be honest like they
might give you a sideways glance and
think you're a loser but they're worried
about themselves they're thinking about
themselves they're trying to look cool
or feel good or be proud of themselves
or move forward in their life or
whatever and
the odds that they're spending any
significant amount of time thinking
about you is basically zero so
the great news is no matter what they're
thinking about you they cannot stop you
from getting the result that you want
when you show up and put in the work so
focusing on getting a little bit better
every day
that's really the goal so
whatever your goal is
it mandates certain actions the good
news is action cures all the even better
news is that you can interrupt that
escalation mentally with a pattern
interrupt with a focus on the fact that
you can get better reminding yourself of
empowering statements instead of
disempowering statements and then you
just get to work just do the thing and
every time your brain starts worrying
about the future remind yourself
if i let myself sit here and think about
this this will become the easiest
thought for me to think this will become
the easiest feeling for me to feel which
means that when my brain walks into a
gym or a bar or whatever i will have
trained it to trigger over into this
negativity and so that's why we want to
use the empowering thoughts as mental
jujitsu so now crossing the threshold
into the gym or to the bar or to the
party or whatever
is the habit loop trigger
to say something empowering to ourselves
on repeat
to remember to smile
to remember to breathe from our
diaphragm to remember to
interrupt with our own just internal
voice
i don't allow myself to think that i
literally say that to myself all the
time i don't allow that i'm i am not
going to think about that anymore and i
force myself to say in my head
something empowering it's
so weird how effective that is it just
works
you will become
whatever you repeat
if you repeat oh my god i'm so anxious
this is terrible whenever i go to a
party like oh my god i feel terrible my
anxiety spirals i have panic attacks
then that's what's going to happen
because you keep repeating it and your
brain goes oh okay
we think this thought a lot we feel this
feeling a lot we need to reinforce it so
break
that pattern
all right
next where does anxiety come from
sometimes i feel it and i don't know why
all right this is known as generalized
anxiety disorder now generalized anxiety
means that you have so many triggers now
for your anxiety i'll give you one of
mine this was so bizarre to me
this is when i first thought oh i don't
think i'm nervous i don't think i'm a
nervous person i think this has
officially reached levels of anxiety if
i turned so i used to work in a parking
garage where you know you would go up to
four or five or whatever and every day i
would just turn right turn right turn
right turn right all the way down but
you could turn right or left and i
remember one day for whatever reason i
turned left and i had this sudden spike
of anxiety and i was like
why the hell would i be anxious about
turning left
and so that was when i realized okay
whoa whoa like this isn't even now
attached to any sort of major thing this
is about me
overextending doing something new going
into the unknown and i realized that
that was the beginning of the anxiety
for me that because i'm not a born
entrepreneur getting into business was
this incredibly anxiety provoking
endeavor the stakes were so high i felt
like i was constantly on stage like it
was nuts
and
so i realized oh my god anytime i do
something quote unquote out of my
comfort zone no matter how minor
my brain has now allowed itself to
condition itself to
be anxious about anything that sort of
deviated from the norm and
when we boil it back down to what is
anxiety
anxiety is
living in the future and worrying about
it okay you're mentally projecting into
the future and you are worried about it
and you
allow yourself yes allow yourself to
worry
and it feels like
it feels like
you're doing yourself a solid
because you're thinking through all the
things that could go wrong so you want
to be ready
i remember i used to okay
i'm gonna get in you know this situation
in a meeting or whatever and at some
point the eyes are going to turn to me
so what do i do if my heart starts
racing and i'm getting panicky
what do i do about that and i realized
that i would sit there and be like okay
i'm gonna
you know maybe i can say that i've got a
stomachache or a headache or something
and i'll find a way out of the room
all i was doing in those moments was
rehearsing
it going wrong
that i was going to get into this
situation and need an exit
and then i realized you know a better
approach
because all my planning to make sure
that i'm ready
is the thing that's making me anxious
okay i i want that to hit home
that is the thing that's making you
anxious is that you're thinking about
you might get anxious like i remember
when i was young and i first started
experiencing nerves i remember thinking
the only thing that i'm nervous about
is other people realizing that i'm
nervous like if i knew that my nerves
were invisible i wouldn't worry about it
but it was always that sense of like oh
is my face going to turn red am i going
to sound out of breath is my voice going
to quiver
and
worrying about it was the very thing
that made it happen
and so
i began to realize a big part of getting
out of this anxiety death loop was going
to be to never again rehearse failure
and so i started saying to myself let
failure surprise you so when i succeed
i'm never surprised because i rehearse
the at a success
i and think about olympic athletes they
talk about visualization right i would
visualize this is going to go well i'm
going to kill it i would remember the
times even when there were very few of
them i would remember the times where
hey this went really well it went
exactly like i thought oftentimes it
would be because i would get caught off
guard and so i wouldn't have time to
worry about it somebody would just ask
me something i would answer and i'd be
like oh my god the answer was actually
really good and i realized okay if i
don't know what's coming
i can just get into the flow so i'm like
this isn't even a skill set problem this
is a i'm worried about not performing
well problem
and so once you understand all anxiety
is is a physiological response to you
worrying about the future so your brain
goes whoa fight or flight we're in it
this is dangerous and it has ancient
mechanisms for dealing with that and
those ancient mechanisms take over and
so i stopped rehearsing failure i
started rehearsing success and i just
said i'm gonna let failure take me
totally by surprise if it ever happens
because i'm never going to allow myself
to think about it and so now anytime i
find myself like ooh
that could be like a risky situation i
say to myself no no this is an
opportunity for me to shine this is
going to be amazing i'm going to kill it
i'm going to get out there i'm prepared
i always prepare myself you know that
you're ready to rock and roll let's do
the damn thing and because that's what i
start repeating in my head now when i
think about something like that i'm
not nervous i've rehearsed that feeling
good
i say those things to myself in an
elevated state so i'm excited about them
and so now all of a sudden i'm
rehearsing this feeling good i'm
rehearsing it being fun and so that's
what comes to mind when i enter what
used to be a very stressful situation
all right
since anxiety is always there
what is one way we can use anxiety to
our benefit all right so this is
actually really interesting question so
any emotion anxiety fear anger rage
all of them actually serve an
evolutionary purpose so anxiety when
it's
mild
is actually very useful because it makes
you take things seriously it makes sure
that you're prepared and make sure like
for instance with my schedule i have
just enough anxiety that i won't be
prepared for something that i check my
calendar in the morning i make sure that
i understand what's going on that day so
that i can make sure that i'm prepared
for it and my whole sort of modus
operandi in life is to be prepared for
things to be well researched to you know
study to um rehearse that success all of
that and
that actually is born out of that just a
little bit of anxiety of like hey
i could really do something special here
this could be amazing but i need to take
it seriously and so when it's that it
actually is my friend and so at that
sort of
useful level
i express gratitude i will welcome
emotions as old friends i will actually
say welcome back old friend i used to do
this with hunger all the time and i was
really getting lean
i would say ah
welcome back hunger
i know that you were here because i am
burning fat and so i am so grateful for
your return and so when anxiety is at
that useful level it's you know welcome
back old friend this is amazing and then
once i start thinking about something
going wrong no pattern interrupt i don't
allow myself to think that absolutely
not i can get better at anything i can
do this it's going to be amazing look at
all the ways that it's going to go right
so you have to get pretty deft at
understanding how to handle that but
that movement is there for you so just
keep that in mind
all right can a body be so used to
anxiety after years of being triggered
that always being tense is normal even
at times when the mind is fine and
relaxed yes this is generally
generalized anxiety disorder this is
where you're just your brain is so used
to slipping into this negative mindset
that it goes there very easily like me
turning left
and
if you
recognize that okay i understand how
this works this is through repetition
this was me worrying about the future
worrying worrying worrying worrying
worrying catastrophizing having all
these essentially lies that i'm telling
myself i'm never going to be that good
uh this is going to be terrible i'm
never going to work again whatever the
you know list i forget how many
cognitive distortions are but there's
something like 15 and one of them is
fortune telling right oh man i'm going
to go in there it's going to be terrible
they're going to eat me alive okay
that's fortune telling you don't know
that
go and do your best that's all that you
can ask of yourself right if you've
prepared for it you put in the time and
the energy
and you go in and you fail so be it and
here's the great news failure is the
most information rich data stream in the
world this is why tom says that action
cures all you have to go out there and
figure it out as you're engaging with
something
especially when you fail you get all
this information back and so when you've
got this information back now you can
leverage that to get a little bit better
and since one of the og pattern
interrupts is i can get better at
anything then you're going to say oh
cool i've got this information i can now
get better i can now progress
but you have to be willing to go through
that process
so that you can begin to let
things atrophy the anxiety atrophy
because if you're
you know in your 20s and you've spent
the last 10 years
looping on these things that make you
anxious or if you're in your 30s or 40s
or 50s and you've got decades behind you
of putting in that work to hardwire the
stuff one no
the way the brain works
just by default you are not special the
way your brain works the human brain
you can unwire that by putting your time
and energy into repeating things
about getting better about the ability
to improve and if you just spend your
time on that
then you'll be just fine but if you
allow yourself to keep investing in the
anxiety not doing the pattern interrupts
remember read the book feeling great by
david d burns
okay
read that book takes you step by step
on how to use cognitive behavioral
therapy
to begin to um
not begin to to immediately
immediately
stop
all the cognitive distortions and future
worry that are creating that anxiety
it's incredibly powerful now when you
shift it to putting that same time and
energy into rehearsing success
into doing the things you need to do to
actually get better at something now all
of a sudden you've got all these
expansive thoughts and they make you
feel better now you combine that with
meditation now you're able to lower that
anxiety that's sort of ever present it's
what i call background radiation
okay so you're lowering that to zero
and now you're replacing it with these
expansive thoughts that make you feel
better and now all of a sudden the
anxiety begins to atrophy you begin to
feel better over time now it does take
time you have to focus on this new
empowering way of thinking long enough
that the old ways begin to atrophy so
please do not
be self-defeated and add another worry
to your plate and say oh my god like
this might work for other people but it
does not work for me
you just have to keep at it you have to
keep repeating it and repeating it and
repeating it and repeating it
the diaphragm breath will give you some
amount of immediate relief
every time i do that even right now it
just feels good
so learn to diaphragm breathe
and then keep repeating empowering
notions pattern interrupting negative
emotions using things that used to be
an anxiety trigger now as a habit loop
trigger
to your new habit which is to think and
empowering thought to take an empowering
action to do something like breathe from
your diaphragm the physiological hooks
so that you can
master your anxiety and that
ultimately is what we're talking about
you can do it i know because i put in
the work for a very long time now
something i think about frequently it's
not something that at least in my
experience that oh now i don't have to
think about it i certainly don't have
the debilitating anxiety that i did
but by being just on top of thinking the
empowering things and doing the
meditation and all of that my life has
completely changed so guys
gals
put in the work you will get the result
i promise you can master your anxiety
alright my friends i hope this added
value to you if it did make sure that
you smash the like button make sure that
you are subscribed and that you don't
miss a thing and until next time my
friends be legendary take care
hey everybody thank you so much for
watching if you haven't already be sure
to smash that subscribe button and hit
the bell notification so you never miss
a thing until next time my friends be
legendary take care